Hello, Mr. Snail. All you cute little corn person,
Latin name, bonus points.
Can't believe we got stuck with a tree hugger.
If I have to hear the Latin name for one more animal,
I swear I'm going to kill her. Relax sugar buns while she does all the work,
we'll have all the fun.
Yeah. And get wasted out of our minds. We're way ahead of you, man.
Come on team. We must dilly dally when there's so much nature to see.
I was thinking we should call our class project Fun Guys and a forest.
Get it because we're a group of fun guys. And also fun guys. Shush.
And she's in distress. They're very little. Monte Flower,
look at your girl.
Wow. Out of the way. Do one. We are camping here.
Finally turn to get that barbecue burning. Oh dear.
Easy guys. We're supposed to be studying nature, not wrecking it. Piss break.
Oy fungus free. Make yourself useful and fix the tent. A bit of.
Friendly campsite ribbing. Fun.
She wouldn't survive five minutes alone in these woods. Yeah,
she's a real weenie. That one isn't it? Boy, Phil, are no sausages coming?
Almost ready. Chris. Need a bit more salt.
Incredible. A new species. What the bloody hell are those things?
It's like a note shack. The mushroom.
The.
They're absolutely adorable. Yeah, absolutely. Bloody adorable.
And I bet we'll make a fortune if we catch one of those things. We'd be famous.
Get on.
MTV. I wonder what they taste like. Oh,
we really shouldn't disrupt their habitat, right? Sure, sure.
Greetings, welcome friends, I'll be right down.
Could I interest you in some peppermint tea? What are you guys?
We are sprays. We spray balance to the forest. We take care of the animals,
birds.
Guys, guys, a small.
Grass. Hey little mushroom geezer. You call with us camping here for the night.
Absolutely. A friend of the forest is a friend of the sprites.
Maybe it was just ketchup or something like red paint.
Yeah, maybe they were just painting their little hats or something.
Guys.
Guys, guys, this isn't funny
guys.
We were just going to catch one. But they're psycho.
You've got to get me out of these. Hurry. They going to kill us.
You pick the wrong camping spot. Bitches. Spray.
What?
Yes, yes.
I don't want to hurt you. Just keep your distance.
Call right then eat. I'll do little green.
Those punks treated the world as their own personal rubbish bin.
And you set them free. Now you join them.
I'll give you that one brother bird. Alright,
sprites, let's burn the bodies and have some peppermint tea.
Keep in touch with every round
before happy home he all together. Now
the sun, Frankie, Frankie.
The Frankie Yum. Danger. Danger.
I'm a forest ranger about and clear the way I'm about the blasted stick
like plastic. What's your mama going to say to drop it?
Stanky drop it. I'm going to just catch you in steam. Now pitch and nu it.
I'm polluted lake to the river to the stream. For spot
with little dear and comic cavalry. Try to cut me down two sides nowadays.
My announcer driver bouncer bacon, me cakes and pies.
This camp is a cut here. Fight me and my crew. Don't play.
Boots on the log on the frog. Cut words in the truth.